So we're going to play around with
this with another quick exercise,
which is we have a little counter that
we're gonna build where we're gonna
have a start button.
And we're going to have a pause button or
stop button.
And ideally when they hit the start
button, we should start counting.
And we hit the stop button,
we should unsubscribe.
Now this counter, I'm gonna warn you right
now, it's not gonna be automatic just yet.
We don't have all the tools that
we need to build it the right way.
Your job is to kinda figure out based on,
other pieces of JavaScript how to get
this to work, and then we will over
a series of other exercises this morning,
we'll add more and more functionality,
and we'll get it to be idiomatic RxJS.
But it's not gonna be
in the very beginning,
so worry less about getting it right.
Worry about using a timer interval,
and getting it working at all.
And then we'll kinda play around with
that, and build on it as we go along.